okay that's just
and there's just as you can see nobody's
too concerned about my hand or what I'm
doing they're more concerned about what
they need to be doing yes and they're
making a nice meal of this column patty
it's got a little bit of wax paper and
they'll even chew that off eventually
they'll kind of mine it from underneath
really those little orange pieces are
the pollen it's totally edible in fact I
end up beating quite a bit I like it do
you really well it's it's burrs east and
Sian Oh Colin there's a lot of be
complex and yeah and then this is our
plastic inner cover so that when it
dries out here and they still have to be
making a lot of brew that helps them
keep their moisture yeah so and we could
we could bring a be over for you yes oh
yeah but what I do is I'll come up
behind the be okay so I'll try to grab
one that you can see okay here how long
have you been doing this Oh quite a
while I'm a queen breeder as well so I'm
used to picking up lots of bees and so
that's kind of what a little bee looks
like and that's the Stinger at the end
so I'm not going to put my thing you
know that would be silly but still he's
not not too interested in it so crazy I
thought that you've shown us this well
it's neat that um you know that people
are interested like yourself you know
like for a lot of years nobody really
yeah except that we're right here is to
help big problem
yeah well it'll be limited it'll be
limited but what is I but just everyone
I talk to now like the gardening groups
and stuff they're clicking into it but
they don't know what's good maybe and
they aren't thinking three dimensional
instead of two dimensional and so
there's that kind of stuff you just have
to get the word out of it and once we do
that it'll well we could over a million
people a month watching our videos and
it is the new generation it's the
Millennials I can say about so it's 20
to 30 s and hopefully you know they're
really environmentally conscious well
and I've got a little spiel i can give
you on weeds too weeds are something
that we've labeled as bad but if you
just take the example of the milkweed
that is what's instrumental in getting
the monarch butterfly it follows its it
progresses north as the milkweed
produces and so we need these weeds what
we think of as being an antagonistic
plant maybe we need to change our views
something in our area that we've seen
really well as this map we plant they've
nearly killed it off you don't see
Hurley any of them around anymore oh
there's a few over here the dead
skeletons of what we're map we plants
last year they're actually a thistle and
they're one of the few things that will
flower when everything else is
completely dry and bad in audit and so
it'll be a source for honey and for
pollen so that's a protein and carbo
source for the bees and then in the
winter some of those little black cap
chickadees will eat the seeds and the
butterflies will also be using it and
the moths so we have to maybe open our
view on what we're thinking is nasty and
why we're thinking it's nasty why is it
bad to have a thistle growing here maybe
it isn't
so that's part of one of my little let's
not kill every weed dandelions great
source the fluff from that there's a
whole bunch of birds that follow those
dandelions as they go to fluff and eat
the protein the seeds I've pictures I
don't know my birds very well but i do
have taken pictures of these birds as
they come through the taproot breaks up
the soil brings lower down nutrients up
its its pollen is full of fat which is
great for bees you know just like we
need our butter and our avocados well
the bees need their dandelions so that
you know and I'm not mine is just a bee
viewpoint you know there's the whole
moth there's the whole butterfly the
bird there's a whole bunch of stuff out
there that aren't humans and if we're
saying that these weeds are bad because
they're new to the area earthworms are
new to North America they were never
here people in terms of the population
and our type of people we'd be weeds too
yeah so maybe we need to look at
something differently yeah
oh that's my old wage feel thank you I
appreciate that oh if you're just
amazing you guys are awesome what you're
doing I don't thank you thank you from
oh you know what that was that was 01
meadowlark songs I've never ever knew
that song is slightly biased because I
know but who if we were to get a website
who would you advise no Brett yells and
then they it's cool it's probiotic as
well they've added little micro Sol and
they have enzymes they add to it as well
and it's called be bread and that stuff
will store and good for a year and
ultimately be competent yet we continue
to kill all these incredibly smart
creatures they also tied into this is a
small frame of 00 now looks like it's
gonna be what ten 15 pounds I go there
after per ticket wow there's a more
normal run but even this one is really
solid wow yeah that somebody's decided
it might be tasty and taking a little
Jason without you now we have a worker
that really loves to do that oh is that
right yeah oh that's amazing so no I
have to add come because this one is
like 70
yes you're so amazing you couldn't catch
me up and so that's their keep its
social right well and that's social like
these guys are working to learn ask
these guys are worker panther oh gosh so
yeah and so that